add item about "top level code" in packaging guide (#892)
ropensci/dev_guide: pkg_building.Rmd

- We recommend using [testthat](https://testthat.r-lib.org/) for writing tests. Strive to write tests as you write each new function. This serves the obvious need to have proper testing for the package, but allows you to think about various ways in which a function can fail, and to *defensively* code against those. [More information](https://r-pkgs.org/tests.html).

> - Tests should be easy to understand, and as self-contained as possible. When using testthat, avoid using top-level code, that is to say, code outside of `test_that()`. We recommend reading the [high-level principles for testing](https://r-pkgs.org/testing-design.html#sec-testing-design-principles) in the R Packages book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tests should be easy to understand, and as self-contained as possible. When using testthat, avoid using code outside of `test_that()` blocks (such as pre-processing steps). We recommend reading the [high-level principles for testing](https://r-pkgs.org/testing-design.html#sec-testing-design-principles) in the R Packages book.
```
That really is just a suggestion, so feel free to reject, but I do feel that "top-level code" is jargon here, and doesn't at all convey what's actually being discussed. That suggestion is an attempt to make it more explicit.
